hey everybody welcome back to northern
line place abiding by scattereth plus
where we've been doing a we've been doin
a let's do a negative negative Cain that
could also do mega satan negative Cain
mega Satan apparently I was mistaken
offensively mistaken you can do mega
satan and the lamb in the same run
whether or not we can strike you know
gold there will see nine a seven 4 ec
eight or as I say x8 haha the AE lek
okay that works we avoided a troll bomb
all to give ourselves another troll bomb
but actually if I'm on today the half
spirit hard garnered from that room
might actually be enough to protect us
from some ensuing deal with the devil
danger when that debit comes due I was
just trying to alliterate it didn't
really fit okay question marks dangerous
except when they're not infestation two
in arguably one of the best items in the
game I think and gets better as we get
better that's the thing you want your
items to get better with you you don't
want your items you know when you're
doing bad they're doing better than all
of a sudden you're doing well and the
item goes you gotta do worse so you can
you know make better use of Cain's
near-sighted friends the answer to that
question is no I refuse excuse me got a
lot of flies out of that one amnesia new
rooms new rooms okay
I don't like this fire I see the danger
inherent in that fire I'm just gonna
keep moving on here having some extra
spiders is gonna help out even without
any extra damage but the extra damage is
gonna take this into like 12 out of 10
range for us if we can make it happen
but first we need to create that
situation out from under us damage PJ's
just like seven spirit arts and here I
was thinking that we were being a smart
guy we got that half spirit heart I was
gonna rely on that we just got like four
extra spirit ours are picking up PJ's
low key though I actually think that
PJ's is probably one of those boss items
I'm always internally in my head and I
don't know whether it's based on you
know new information or you know my
present play style or you know how the
mood strikes me but I'm always really
ating items items I love sometimes end
up becoming items that I think are not
so good rarely do they go from like
beloved to garbage kidney stone is like
the closest thing I've ever seen to do
that maybe triple shot as well but the
only kind of triple shot I want is
flavor in my makiato I've never consumed
the macchiato do I get drinks in
Starbucks occasionally if it's the if
it's the closest coffee shop I'm a black
coffee sort of guy though I gotta admit
there's no not meant to be you know Mike
machismo
it's mostly I just enjoy bitter flavors
I also like a lot of beers that people
you know and I'd say hey you should try
this they try it and they go oh it
tastes like you know gin filtered
through gasoline and I'm like yeah isn't
it great Abaddon is fine here that means
better than fine the question becomes we
rather have shop key or free golden
chests shop key has probably got a a
lower floor or sorry a higher floor and
yet a lower ceiling for usefulness this
which I'm gonna keep much higher ceiling
but oftentimes there might be several
floors where we never get to use it at
all so for now though I think it's good
we're gonna stick with it if we got B's
tail or something like that we're
rolling I like strong flavors you know
people
they they have created the idea and this
might have scientific backing to it at
least for now did I say that is if I
have some kind of privileged information
I do not but you know at least not
related at tastebuds but they people
consider themselves super tasters I'm
not a super taster I'd like everybody
you know whatever you learn about the
idea that there's tasters super tasters
and like sub tasters I wanted to be a
super taster why wouldn't you this room
could be huge you know it means you
taste things more strongly it's like the
circumcision argument but for your for
your taste buds instead of you know your
glands either way though let's not go
down that road that bombs but we spend
bombs as well so it's kind of a wash a
little bit of money in the process I
don't think I'm a super taster I think
I'm like a sub taster I think I have I
think I have bad taste buds or there's
like you know something's clogged up the
connection maybe I ate too many Cheetos
a clogged up the connection nerves
between my taste buds in my brain but
that's probably how that works right
yeah yeah why not
I think I taste less than the average
person
what can live with iron bar that's not
bad I love hot sauce I love like you
know sour beers
I love bitter beers I'd love vinegar is
it kind of a Canadian and also British
probably originally British you know
give credit where it's due
thing but I love vinegar as a condiment
gimme you know vinegar radish give me
vinegar on french fries 100% into it one
of the things I always forget when we
have Americans I mean I could save one
key and go to the shop it's kind of like
who cares we have people over in their
American and they haven't been to Canada
before they always go
it's so weird at the like the food court
where you get your drinks and also the
condiments for your fries or whatever
there's always vinegar you go you like
for cleaning supplies it's not dog to
eat we eat it and I think it's delicious
a little sour vinegar on a on a crispy
french fry maybe with some fish and
chips sign me up
I'm invested I'd rather have that than
mayonnaise but I understand that's a
content
his topic anyway I like strong flavors I
think if liking strong flavors makes me
a sub taster then so be it
I am a sub taster I can live with that
there have been times can I tell you
about some of the most you know
embarrassing snacks I've ever eaten in
my life
how about a piece of cheese with some
Cholula on it
that's one gone through days like that
how about Bologna and a cheese string
ripped up and then put on top of it you
can see there's kind of like a common
recurring element here let's get in
through here sorry
I got distracted remembering the most
shameful snacks I've ever consumed in my
entire life
Big Horn it's gonna be a test for our
damage I think it's positive if we can
take out Big Horn quickly I'll be happy
we're only six minutes in so we're
already ahead of schedule and then if we
can beat this guy in under four minutes
it's gonna be even better we do still
have item room shop mob trap room etc
etc to go to here and what am I gonna
use the Emperor for well it's kind of
hope and I guess we don't have to do the
hush fight now that I think about it I
also just realized we didn't even give
ourselves a shot at fighting mega Satan
dude so be it though Bob's rotten head
in need of replacement hopefully yeah it
is a shop for us so we'll use a key
because keys are actually probably less
valuable than bombs pay-to-play will
probably pay for itself
the lovers won't because it's kind of
garbage let's go put in as much money as
we can here while leaving ourselves with
enough money to also have a chance at an
arcade on the next floor we'll probably
get more as time goes on but it broke
anyway so like this is good for us just
keep it up here we will look for our
item room first you know because if we
can get damage upgrades we want to stack
those up ASAP just remember we're not
spending keys on anything anymore keys
are actually like are they a completely
useless item for us now to get a key
what do you use keys for no not
completely useless we could use them on
a key beggar
we don't need them for golden chests for
now we don't need them for doors for now
yeah I think the only thing we can
really use them for is key beggars
that's a rare situation I don't know if
I've ever found myself in that situation
before we will pick up a key that's
actually for once like a really bad
trade
I do not care about I'm drowsy although
to be fair if we get access to delirium
I'm drowsy is 10 out of 10 but am I
really gonna dedicate one full slot of
our entire loadout to just making the
delirium fight a little easier whenever
we've already done delirium not
necessary okay that's I'm glad I checked
because I was thinking about it to be
honest with you I was like maybe this
would be a good opportunity for us to
knock this out but since we've already
done it that'll be irrelevant guppy
guppy guppy no gub stirs I do want to
take the pills if we're gonna take the
pills we should probably save the
Emperor card cuz we're already done a
pod so is the point of the X lakhs pill
just that it's a joke just that it makes
you poop yourself and then you slip on
the poop cuz like I was watching to see
if it did any damage to enemies usually
I use pills at the end of a room and
there's no enemies around but that time
you know we had a chance and I was
reviewed so I won't be too excited about
using that pill in the future five bombs
do I care about a second secret room
yeah could make a deal with the devil a
little easier five pills could be good X
lakhs sucks I'm drowsy is great but
useless right now
puberty's fine I'm excited substantially
worse than I'm drowsy and we can't just
get rid of the effects by using an I'm
drowsy pill I think so we'll move on and
be upset by this we could always use the
emperor card right away but I'd rather
we could use it here we can get value
out of it here this is good and then we
emperor card and all of a sudden we got
spiders and flies oh me oh my yeah I
take no pleasure I know but just in
general I take no pleasure it's a bad
habit I
to take pleasure cuz it just said leads
to complacency now this is an
exaggeration of my character I take no
pleasure I think a lot of people tend to
overestimate themselves I'm not saying
it's a bad thing if it's good for
self-confidence and so be it
I think I take a very realistic view of
myself you know I I've got a lot of
flaws I don't know it's it sounds like
when you say that it's like an admission
that you're a bad person no I actually
think I'm just stupid in a couple of
different ways that I'm not really
offended by calling myself I'm like a
computer and not even in a Dae you know
programming sort of way I noticed this
when when other people get instructions
from people if they're like hey can you
pick me up you know
juice from the store they run it through
like an internal interpreter you know
they go like okay well they said they
wanted juice to be picked up I know them
so I want you know I'll just pick them
up some apple juice and then this is the
kind of apple juice they like so I'll
get that I'm not like that
I make an effort to be like that but I'm
not like that instead my brain just
starts inundating them with aggravating
questions well what kind of juice do you
want you know what what brand is juice
do you want what size of juice do you
want other people just let it go
me myself I take it almost like a
computerized set of instructions and
you're gonna say that that's you know on
the spectrum I wouldn't go that far
you know nothing of course meant to be
insulting to that degree but no I don't
think it's like that I think I'm just
I'm hyper literal or they more in my as
I've grown older I've become more hyper
literal an endless source of frustrate
of frustration for my wife like when
she's like can you get me that brain
does not understand what is that
sometimes I've got a wooden spoon I go
give it to her she's like what am I
gonna do with this like I don't know it
was the first object I saw so when you
said that I just figured we were on the
same page not always true Rick rarely
true I require specific instructions you
can probably notice that in the way that
I speak to other people as well like
when I I try to give people specific
instructions because that's what I want
you
I don't want people to say like I don't
want it to approach ridiculousness on it
use your legs to walk over to me and
like that just it comes across as
offensive but I'm you know if we're
talking about how to join a lobby I'm
like press shift tab open the steam
community friends list and then join on
me you know I don't just say hey join my
game I try to I try to give some useful
feedback but I think it leads to meet
caricature izing myself sometimes which
can also be funny dude sissy longlegs
I'm excited moreover terrible eyesight I
don't think I'm a good taster I don't I
don't think I hear that well I'm
wondering you know they say when one
sends dims and all the other senses grow
stronger I don't know what since I'm
missing here or what since I'm gaining
here I should say smell my sense of
smell is actually terrible I must be
like the greatest touch sure of all time
because I'm missing like a quarter of
every other scent since I should say but
it's kind of like I'm missing a quarter
of four cents it says it sort of makes
sense this is there's like a monetary
related pun in there you see there we go
again within this ambiguity regardless I
think I take a realistic approach to
myself I think most people you contend
this is not to look down on anybody I
used to be like this as well you know
you get introduced to a new phenomenon
you know one in ten people has a gene
that gives them blah blah blah
resistance oh I have that I get look I
know it's a one in ten chance but I'm
pretty sure I've got it cuz there's a
kid one time I scratched myself on a you
know Rusty's fence post and I didn't get
sick so I'm pretty sure I got that gene
that's my impression at least but I
really do have that gene I've cut myself
on some rusty fence posts and I never
get a tetanus shot except that one time
I got bitten by a dog while I was riding
my bike and then the hospital was like
you gotta get a tetanus shot and I was
like alright whatever gives me out of
here so I can play all-star baseball 98
Larry Walker's hit 98 home runs this
year I'm gunning for a hundred we're not
even at the all-star break yet
that was an accidental great segue I'm
gonna applaud myself for that cuz
there's another there's another topic to
be had you guys at play sports video
games I know a lot of people I know my
audience a lot of people gonna say yes
and I like that a lot of people are
gonna say no and that's fine too you
know you like what you like but sports
video games ever since they've started
adding these like career modes the
biggest revolution the industry at least
that the smallest sector of the industry
is gotten in like 10 years things have
been real weird cuz like I played a ton
of NHL oh 9 this is almost 10 year old
game at this point but you know you
sports games have a problem in that they
try to like replicate a simulation esque
view of the sport most of the time yet
at the same time if you're better than
the computer you can end up you know in
hockey for example you could end up a
scorer in like four goals a game as the
player you're controlling I don't know
how much hockey watching your life
that's not a very real it that's like
300 goals a season shatter the record by
like a factor of three or something like
that so you get this weird situation
where like you play an NHL oh nine you'd
score like four goals but you wouldn't
back check that hard and your coach
would send you down to the minor leagues
it's like you know sending David Beckham
down to you know be with the under-16
crowd or something like that you know on
the in development camp maybe like we
really didn't like your hustle out there
my dude I've scored more points by
February than anybody else in the NHL
has ever scored in their career
we're 44 and oh my dude maybe they've
gotten better about that it's been a
while admittedly I won't buy the the
modern sports games until they put more
of them on PC it's not even like a it's
not even making a stand it's not like a
philosophical issue where I'm like I
can't support those business practices
it's more just like I want to play him
on PC and I think your reasons are
stupid I don't want to go you know
because the thing is about if I get NHL
17 or I guess it's 18 this year and I
play it on the couch in the living room
then my wife is gonna know how much NHL
I play what I want to do is pretend
working and have plausible deniability
from playing NHL behind closed doors I
think that's the secret right there well
we got a little baggie what a piece of
garbage that's that's actually 99% a
joke I think sports games are in a good
place man apparently the NHL ones
recently not been that good always a
little bit of a falter when they hit a
new generation although generations like
four years old at this point
but MLB the show is like until divinity
probably my favorite RPG of this
generation including west of loathing I
think they they knocked it out of the
park I haven't played this years but I
mean the last time I played was 2014 but
that is just an RPG but I've already
gone off many many times on the tangent
of like stop hating sports sports are
just you know Dungeons & Dragons games
for jocks instead of nerds like there's
a the intersection between Johnson nerds
is way closer than I think most people
that would identify as either would tend
to believe tons of gamers love sports
dude it's it it's like footballs like
real-life Warhammer I don't really watch
much I want to I don't watch any
football really but it's like real life
Warhammer except occasionally you know
brain injuries but somebody's probably
been hit in the head over Warhammer
I wouldn't suppose it's an expensive
hobby well the devs - we might make boss
rush this is tough because if we get a
hive mind we'd probably rather have
Guppies head if we don't get hive mind
shoopdawhoop is gonna be like incredible
ship duel also is it almost has a
problem of being too good not too good
to use just just too good because it's
going to kill enemies and if we kill the
enemies with ship - Lube
I don't think we get spiders out of them
never mind I am incorrect we totally get
spiders out of them so I think you know
a tears upgrade is on the docket for us
if we can get that I be over the moon if
we can't I would like to get HP that we
could trade to a deal with the devil I
think we might want to just do all that
was bad oh and another use for keys at
least although we have golden keys
regardless we might just want to do boss
rush
I'll do it look all we're trying to do
on this run is get the negative that's
like if we get the negative and make it
to the land fight I'm a happy camper so
I'm gonna re-roll this whole run because
I think it'll be it's more fun to test
that hey excuse me my cat no you know
you get attention when you go under the
computer don't go under the computer
get up here go on your box this box you
can sleep in the box don't get out of
the box the box is for cats
no transformations what are these shots
these are shots I've never seen before
weird eggs shots we're flying we got a
hive mind we do not have taro cloth
which is what I was looking for there
we're about to get some more HP bombs
are normal so for good cards oh dude we
have cards again because we've lost a
little baggie okay that's that's well we
also have an enormous Bob's brain
I don't know these like the tears look
pretty good they're like parasite shots
but eliptical like a NordicTrack Joker
I'm gonna hold to so why not um they're
live this another new room I think they
are like ipecac shots that oh that's
that's really good there are a pickaxe
shots but they don't explode at least
they don't explode by Nature should
check the shop I would love to donate
more but I don't think it's gonna be in
the cards there is a card though double
Joker sir other card the stars yeah why
not right red candle useless because our
damage is so good but otherwise probably
pretty good
technically it's probably shrewder to go
with the oh right behind mine um
with the Stars card because we can use
that to teleport out then grab both of
our Joker cards we have a holy mantle as
well if leprosy an item that I don't
think is that good necessarily but it's
a lot of fun and we'll keep taking these
just in case one day there's a value to
it so watch out it's like hi mine is the
only thing we can screw you here- please
thank you you've already fought Krampus
we could fight him again I think a theme
is okay Judas a shadow we don't want to
use but it's not necessarily terrible
and we got curse of the blind so we
don't know what we're gonna get here
ecoli it's okay so we're gonna bounce
out remember mega satan negative so we
want to go to Sheol thats the important
part to want to go to Sheol
I'm gonna Joker it up right here right
off the bed why take brother Bobby
essentially inertia the idea that it
would have been the right thing to do if
we had taken the polaroid also factors
in you know why break habit basically
I'm gonna be a little lazy about
consumables as I take pleasure in
productive laziness from time to time as
I'm gonna call it you know I think
there's a certain rest and relaxation
element I'm not saying you should ever
half-ass anything you know I'm a firm
believer when I do something it's it's
been a long time since I've handed in at
least let's say a piece of school work
that I was not proud as kind of a strong
word but that was not like content with
when I was younger occasionally you know
you're like I worked on this for like an
hour couldn't figure it out it's only
worth 5% of my grade who cares now I'm
like I don't care if it's worth 1
percent of my grade I I take pride in a
job done right it's an attitude I'm
trying to cultivate as I get older here
that being said I can't I guess I in the
end I kind of screwed myself cuz I don't
really have much of a defense to offer
for my occasionally willfully lazy Isaac
play except for the fact that you know
maybe you can be lazy about the things
that have no effect on your grade
whatsoever like getting your fortieth
key on a run where there's not gonna be
40 lakhs let's put it that way
ruin bag well worth it another reason I
am quite happy we managed to get rid of
little baggie which is basically trash
so is that unfortunately that's the
fourth or the third and fourth golden
key we've gotten over the course of this
run your boy is over the golden key
situation algae's though he's quite
happy with only things I'd love to see
now like it on a I need to have this
sort of level and I don't even need to
have it but I would love to see immunity
two explosions and honestly I think
infamy does give you that option so I
think host had obviously and pyromaniac
of core pyromaniacs the big one but
we'll just keep moving for now we're
looking for guppy items and when we're
not getting them we're moving on
I always forget what that is because it
looks like the goz but I don't think
that was the gaas I don't I can't tell
if I gained HP off of it so the other
play for us is mega Satan I don't think
we're getting it you got to get a a
dad's key payout at this point or are
you like technically you could find an
angel room you could play the self
sacrifice room and make it happen
obviously we don't have the HP for that
just yet but in theory the potentiality
exists and then beyond that the other
option would be
if we can I'm trying to think about how
we get an angel step we if we get like
purity or duality is the one yeah we get
duality go into the angel room there's
two angel statues in there cuz
apparently one of the things the new
booster pack does is actually make it so
that every angel statue gives you a key
piece if you don't have one already so
you can actually get two key pieces from
the same room I'd rather keep algae's
just to keep ourselves going here uh so
you can probably guess from my tone of
voice that not necessarily thinking it's
too likely that we're gonna get the
angel statue here and that's fine Nega
satan is always it's finicky but I'm
learning to relish you know the time
that we have without having absolutely
everything unlocked and it's a pleasure
to have some sort of extrinsic goal cuz
you know eventually sooner than you
might think we're probably gonna hit a
point in which we've got everything done
and Isaac again probably not you know
within the next three months or
something but you know with before the
next year is out
without a doubt and a year honestly it's
one of the few YouTube series I think
with one of the lower percentage at
least YouTube series where like you know
it's not really that much of a time
investment a year of one Isaac a day is
like 5% of the Isaac that we've ever
done so I think we'll take Joker and
Yara
we have algae's Yara Joker Yara okay
so I'm taking a very you know copacetic
view to it might be a good way to
describe it I'm like it takes as long as
it takes maybe we don't get mega satan
done than this one but you know at some
point in the future it's unavoidable it
will happen and as a result i remain
unconcerned please I am very surprised
you can get hit dude we get to keep our
Joker card so I'm happy about that the
items suck so we'll go Scholl very
important then Joker razor blade I'm so
shell-shocked by the existence of this
item that does nothing for us right now
that I'm not even gonna make the Jay
Leno joke that people think I invented
but was actually completely co-opted
from a Frank Caliendo bit like 11 years
ago
what are these enemies they when they
die they do anti birth stuff algae's and
Yara we don't need a triple-a battery it
does nothing for us cuz our shots are
better than red candle well still use
red candle on occasion but there's some
irrelevance II uh I mean I why not get
HP that's a good way to describe it
whatever we get from this we can also
reroll do we want to maybe dude let's
see what we can get yeah like that's way
better not really eager to play a demon
judgement with 0 HP also stop shooting
cuz fire mind is gonna make you pay
start looking for tinted rocks my man
you are you're getting low on HP for
somebody who wants to do like another
floors worth of goodness we haven't
taken very much damage since the reroll
and dude I haven't even talked about
like the reroll prospects I thought it
was pretty good obviously our run is
worse now than it was
we had you know good damage not so great
rate of fire but good damage and EE era
why not
triple era that's ridiculous
it's not quite as good as our previous
run but its new and newness is super
goodness you know what I mean
probably not it's an inherently
meaningless expression I don't know if I
believe in the guppy dream anymore
and moreover if we get one guppy item on
pardon me
if we get one guppy item on the lamb
floor we'll get like four guppy items on
the lamb floor because of our double
Yara I think that math checks out one
becomes two two becomes four yeah
see you can tell this guy's still in
school to ^ 0 2 to the palate and zero
doublings gives us 1 1 doubling gives us
2 to doublings gives us 4 of course you
could just you know you don't know you
know to get those that exponent key
involved in there I was just trying to
think of the method the pattern that
made it more plausible why are we
creating troll bombs is that bomb bag
making me an upset boy every time I look
around every time I look around okay so
what what am i hitting myself with all
so I'm almost certainly going to become
dark Judas let's try not to but I have
I've created a strange situation
actually don't get down on yourself
because if we're able to beat Magus or
regular Satan we will probably get at
least some spirit hearts due to our
aggressive doubling on the next floor so
I would try not to lay yourself you know
feel the burn too much just yet at least
so you know what first things first blow
this up then the era then the era okay
look at the cards temperance the moon
Wheel of Fortune Wheel of Fortune is
very good see those are all gonna be
bombs so
we don't need moon cards no that's too
many bombs dude spirit arts we in this
please do not blow me up one spirit are
in every single one of those little
annoying but hey magic mush that's
really good
also give us the fungi transformation we
should probably blow all these up at the
same time but we also have infinity
bombs we should probably also play them
that one a got less of a you know catchy
come back for all right
we found our secret room and we got
Polyphemus inside of it so who's
laughing now I'm laughing now okay I'm
no longer laughing at all that being
said this is 35 damage I would describe
that as a lot so a was can't remember
what the M is rate of fire is just like
destroyed please don't explode still you
got to think of this as a pretty huge
positive we should have no chance to
like ruin this run I can't believe the
secret room only touched one room by the
way you almost never see that
excuse me I'm a little scared
I mean I shouldn't be because there's a
decent chance I mean if we have to come
back as dark Judas we have to come back
and start to decide like it it is what
it is I'd prefer not to because we got a
chance to knock something out with Kane
here but we should have a pretty easy go
of it regardless we embark on oh these
guys are gonna be outrageous
Aquarius not really that good not as
tempted as you might think to pop open
that other item by the way I guess we've
you know consider yourself lucky we got
those red hearts not only are they
what's keeping us alive right now but we
can actually replenish them it's the
strangest looking floor I've ever seen
well no we've seen some weird ones like
late-game floors where the boss room is
adjacent to your spawn room not adjacent
but like one room away still it's a
strange room kind of like a Bob and Doug
McKenzie film uh black hole actually
good for Cano roon actually good what
are we gonna do with this well we're
gonna throw it down on the ground and it
will probably kill every enemy it comes
in contact with actually it seems to
synergize pretty well with our weird egg
tears as well
scatter bombs in the beam not worth much
please I really like this is like a
super do as I say not as I do moment
should have gone back but I didn't pair
throws not worth too much I need it to
not be blanket I should go back you
can't deny though as a certain little
tensions you know say quoi
almost like it's like punishment for me
to force myself to do things the
difficult way here and look at that it
turns out it's not that difficult well
that's an incredibly useful defense to
that attack I just don't want to get
close because I worry the homing shots
will still kind of go in on me seems
like we've probably got a win more or
less sewn up here or like a win more or
less
sho'nuff no not today at a later date
perhaps good we unlocked Abel that's a
lot of nothing for a decently difficult
run but hey thanks for watching I hope
you enjoyed it if you did click the like
button upside a great deal of course
subscribe you want to see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time